Scenario: A hospital has several units (or departments): Unit01, Unit02, 
Unit03, etc. When a patient visits the hospital, the patient is admitted 
to one of the units. One or more laboratory tests (TestA, TestB, etc) 
are done for the patient during their visit. Patient visits, laboratory 
tests, and test results are all stored and managed in a database. 

During or after a patient's visit, a doctor will look at the test results 
and the test results from the patient's previous visits and, using the test 
results, will diagnose the patient. The doctor will then manually enter the 
diagnosis code (D1.2, C1.1, D2.3, etc) along with the date of diagnosis in 
the database. 

As an example, TestA measures the white blood cell count normalized to a 
standard value. The doctor will diagnose a patient with disease code D1.2, if 
the patient visited (was admitted to) Unit02 a second time within 10 days of 
a previous visit to Unit02 and the cell count from TestA in the second visit 
is lower than that in the previous visit. 

We are given a data extract from the hospital database in three CSV files. 

patient.csv -- contains a list of patients. It has three columns: person_id, 
               gender, date_of_birth.  person_id uniquely identified a patient.

visit.csv -- contains a list of patient visits. it has the following columns: 
             person_id, visit_id, unit_name, test_name, test_result, visit_date. 
             Each visit is assigned a unique visit_id. unit_name stores the name 
             of the unit (Unit01, Unit02, etc) to which the patient was admitted. 
             test_name stores the name of the test (TestA, TestB, etc). The result 
             of the test is stored in test_result. The date of the visit is stored 
             in visit_date.

diagnosis.csv -- contains diagnosis codes entered by a clinician for patients. It 
                 has the following columns: person_id, diagnosis_id, diagnosis, 
                 diagnosis_date. diagnosis_id is a unique id generated by the system. 
                 diagnosis stores the diagnosis code (D1.2, D2.1, C1.1, etc) entered 
                 by the doctor. The data of diagnosis is stored in diagnosis_date.

Task: Implement a program to find the number of patients who are diagnosed with D1.2 
      and who visited Unit01 within 7 days of the diagnosis date. 

